Samsung Galaxy Watch 4
37999
The Galaxy watch 4 design incorporates Samsungs classic seamless aesthetic that fans have grown to love. The watch has a sleek armor aluminum metal frame and is supported by a comfortable sweat-resistant strap. Keep track of your heart with the inbuilt ECG sensor on the Samsung Galaxy Watch 4. With this watch on your wrist, you can get real-time insight into your blood pressure. Tale control of your health and develop a more efficient workout routine with the help of the wide number of exercise modes on the Galaxy 4 smartwatch. Each mode optimizes health and fitness tracking according to current activity. If you?re having trouble sleeping, get the Samsung Watch 4 and use its advanced sleep monitoring feature to assess your sleep duration and quality through every stage of the sleep cycle.

Xiaomi Mi band 7
11999
The new Xiaomi smart band 7 features 110 plus sports and training modes that’s 80 more modes than its last years brother. It also features 100 plus custom band faces which are fully customizable.
It features all day heart and oxygen monitoring, and it gives health alerts if something seems to be out of routine. The battery lasts for 14 days with an optimum usage so don’t worry you would not be running out of juice. Band 7 is water resistant to 5 bar and can withstand water pressures up to 50 meters for 30 minutes, so it can accompany you during your swimming session.

Apple Watch Series 7
90000
Apple Watch Series 7, featuring a reengineered Always-On Retina display with significantly more screen area and thinner borders, making it the largest and most advanced display ever. 
The narrower borders allow the display to maximize screen area, while minimally changing the dimensions of the watch itself. The design of Apple Watch Series 7 is refined with softer, more rounded corners, and the display has a unique refractive edge that makes full-screen watch faces and apps appear to seamlessly connect with the curvature of the case. Apple Watch Series 7 also features a user interface optimized for the larger display, offering greater readability and ease of use, plus two unique watch faces — Contour and Modular Duo — designed specifically for the new device. With the improvements to the display, users benefit from the same all-day 18-hour battery life, now complemented by 33 percent faster charging.